add deprecation docs for PostgresSQL/MySQL targets (#9333)
Minio-io/minio: docs/bucket/notifications/README.md

## Publish MinIO events via PostgreSQL

> NOTE: Until release RELEASE.2020-04-10T03-34-42Z PostgreSQL notification used to support following options,
>
> ```
> host                (hostname)           Postgres server hostname (used only if `connection_string` is empty)
> port                (port)               Postgres server port, defaults to `5432` (used only if `connection_string` is empty)
> username            (string)             database username (used only if `connection_string` is empty)
> password            (string)             database password (used only if `connection_string` is empty)
> database            (string)             database name (used only if `connection_string` is empty)
> ```
>
> These are now deprecated, if you plan to upgrade to any releases after *RELEASE.2020-04-10T03-34-42Z* please make

> > sure to migration to only using *connection_string* option. To migrate, once you have upgraded all your servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These are now deprecated, if you plan to upgrade to any releases after *RELEASE.2020-04-10T03-34-42Z* please make
> sure to migrate using *connection_string* option only. To migrate, once you have upgraded all your servers
```

> use the following command to update your notification targets.
>
> ```

> > mc admin config set myminio/ notifiy_postgres[:name] connection_string="host=hostname port=2832 username=psqluser password=psqlpass database=bucketevents"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> mc admin config set myminio/ notify_postgres[:name] connection_string="host=hostname port=2832 username=psqluser password=psqlpass database=bucketevents"
```

## Publish MinIO events via MySQL

> NOTE: Until release RELEASE.2020-04-10T03-34-42Z MySQL notification used to support following options,
>
> ```
> host         (hostname)           MySQL server hostname (used only if `dsn_string` is empty)
> port         (port)               MySQL server port (used only if `dsn_string` is empty)
> username     (string)             database username (used only if `dsn_string` is empty)
> password     (string)             database password (used only if `dsn_string` is empty)
> database     (string)             database name (used only if `dsn_string` is empty)
> ```
>
> These are now deprecated, if you plan to upgrade to any releases after *RELEASE.2020-04-10T03-34-42Z* please make

> > sure to migration to only using *dsn_string* option. To migrate, once you have upgraded all your servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These are now deprecated, if you plan to upgrade to any releases after *RELEASE.2020-04-10T03-34-42Z* please make
> sure to migrate using *dsn_string* option only. To migrate, once you have upgraded all your servers
```

> use the following command to update your notification targets.
>
> ```

> > mc admin config set myminio/ notifiy_mysql[:name] dsn_string="mysqluser:mysqlpass@tcp(localhost:2832)/bucketevents"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> mc admin config set myminio/ notify_mysql[:name] dsn_string="mysqluser:mysqlpass@tcp(localhost:2832)/bucketevents"
```
